refactor(module-tools): merge libuild to module tools and redesign the hooks (#4651)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/module-doc/docs/en/api/config/build-config.mdx

:::

{/* ## disableSwcTransform

Starting with version 2.16.0, SWC Transform is enabled by default for code transformation. If you want to disable this feature, you can use this configuration. Only esbuild Transform is used in this case.

The use of SWC Transform can reduce the impact of auxiliary functions on the volume of the constructed product.

* **Type**: `boolean`

> * **Default**: `false` */}

Author: add more doc

This optimization is implemented using [babel-plugin-lodash](https://www.npmjs.com/package/babel-plugin-lodash) and [swc-plugin-lodash](https://github.com/web-infra-dev/swc-plugins/tree/main/crates/plugin_lodash) under the hood.

With this configuration, the code will be converted using SWC.

- **Type**: `boolean`

> - **Default**: `true`

Reviewer: Now false?

> When you enable this, Module Tools will automatically redirects the code references of `lodash` to sub-paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable this, Modern.js Module will automatically redirects the code references of `lodash` to sub-paths.
```
